-- Alex Fittinghoff
-- CS 325 - Fall 2019
-- last modified: 12/12/2019

This database could be used by the staff of Tommy's Desserts to track 
purchases, collect data on what types of desserts are favored by certain 
customers, and prepare for events. 

For example, the staff could check the "Events" table to see what events are 
coming up--ordering by date in descending order, and check which event was the
soonest, and then prepare accordingly. The staff could check who was hosting 
the event, look up his contact information in the "Favored_Customers" table, 
and would be able to get in touch with him if they had any questions for how 
he wanted things handled, or how much of a certain dessert he wanted shipped 
to the event, and so on. The "Event_Type" column would also help tell the 
staff what type of event to prepare for, so they could plan accordingly.

Additionally, the staff could look up what desserts a customer had a history 
of purchasing, and market future discounts and sales to them accordingly. If a 
customer preferred Chocolate Cakes, then the staff could send him e-mails about 
the upcoming Valentine's Day Chocolate Discount, for example.

The "Cake", "Ice Cream", and "Topping" tables would help the staff to keep 
track of the proportions of, and toppings added to, each dessert. This would 
allow the staff to know just how much they should charge the customer for each
item. For example, if a scoop of ice cream costs $1.00, a medium cone costs 
$2.00, and a serving of chocolate chips costs $0.50, then the staff would know 
to charge a customer $4.50 for a medium cone with two scoops of ice cream and 
a serving of chocolate chips.

Lastly, the "Purchase_Type" table would allow the staff to see who has paid 
with Credit or Debit cards, in case an issue with the cards arose. They would 
know not to worry about those who had paid with cash.
